---
title: "P vs. L"
date: 2020-10-02T13:06:58-06:00
draft: false
coverImage: https://im.vsco.co/aws-us-west-2/2f1cd3/136608411/5f1ce14f513a0c61000d5817/vsco5f1ce15cbfc3f.jpg?w=554&dpr=2
---

# Chapter One
With my father’s word’s still ringing in my ears, I stormed up the stairs. I knew my dreams weren’t regular, not by anyone in our side of New York's standards, but it still stung to hear it from my own dad. Was it really so strange to wish for something more than a husband and kids? I just wanted to go out, explore the world before I’m housebound forever. Our country was changing so fast, and I wanted to see it first hand, but I knew my father would never approve. I’m confident that I am capable of so much more; back before it was deemed “inappropriate” I used to help Draco with his business duties all the time. When we were younger, we were practically attached at the hip. We would sit and play in father’s office for hours while learning about the family’s prosperous tea trading business. Now I’m stuck at home being told to sit still and look pretty until dad can find me a suitable husband. Meanwhile, Draco gets to go off into the city everyday and train to take over the business. We used to go on so many adventures together, but recently it’s like I don’t even know him. He’s become so obsessed with father’s opinion that he’s practically become him; cold, uncaring, and cruel.

I reached the landing and let out a sigh, dropping my head onto the banister. Dad’s arrangement with the East India Company allowed us to afford one of the nicest town houses in the colony filled to the brim with importanted luxuries, but, right now, it all just felt like smothering clutter. I grit my teeth, suddenly overheating in the stuffy suffocating layers of clothing I was forced into every morning. Everywhere I looked, all I could see were reminders of the rigid future I was trapped in; everything from the lacey gown to the silver decor made me want to scream. I glanced around wildly, looking for anything to help me escape, the expectations that sat so heavily on my shoulders and left me feeling so lifeless, like a doll, if only for a few hours. ‘Draco used to be that escape,’ I thought to myself, and it felt like a knife to the chest. I cleared my throat, finding my eyes suspiciously damp. I grimaced willing the tears away, father’s words running through my head. “Malfoys don’t cry,” I whispered to myself and pushed all these emotions aside. I continued down the hallway and saw Draco’s door, slightly ajar, sending another spike of hurt through my heart. I used to spend almost every night having sleepovers with my twin, but when I reached ten my father forbade it. That was when everything started to really change. While Draco was introduced to the family business, I was forced to learn how to run a household, proper etiquette, hosting, and entertaining skills. We drifted apart, he was almost always away on business or locked in father's office while I had to endure tutor after tutor teaching me how to care for my one-day high society husband.  

Frustrated at father and feeling defiant, I decided to peek through the doorway into Draco’s room. It was nothing like I remembered from our late nights all those years ago. What used to be a tornado of mess, color, and life had transformed into a space that looked practically unlived in. It was completely bare and impersonal; practically empty excluding a pair of casual clothes laying across the bed. I wandered over, picking up the plain brown jacket and wondering why it was there. Draco usually wore much finer things, these reminded me more of what he used to wear when we would play outside in the yard and the maids didn’t want us getting the nice linens dirty. As I held the coarse material, I was struck with an idea. A terrible idea whose consequences definitely outweighed the rewards, but I was mad at Draco, my father, society, and anger is known to cloud my better judgement. I quickly grabbed the pile of clothes and raced back to my room trying to stay as silent as possible. If father ever found out about this, he would be livid.

Struggling to untie the multiple laces along the back of my petticoat, I groaned loudly. Why does women's clothing have to be so constricting? I should be able to breathe and move around right? Finally, the laces came undone and I let it slip to the floor. Sighing, I reached for the brown breeches and white undershirt. They were a little too big but I grabbed the scissors sitting on my night stand and trimmed the material away. Maybe those hours of sewing lessons would actually come in handy for once. I quickly grabbed my sewing kit and, with a few stitches, the shirt fit nicely without giving my identity away. It was obviously a rushed job, but I wasn’t planning on going anywhere where someone would judge a few messy stitches. I got enough of that at home. I pulled on the pants and stockings, and heavens why on earth were women not allowed to wear these? I could actually move my feet without wading through layers of over-priced gaudy silk.

Smiling, I put on the brown waistcoat and tied a cream cravat tightly around my neck. Feeling like a proper gentleman, I studied my reflection in the mirror. Unfortunately I had forgotten one key detail, my face still definitely looked like a womans. I grimaced, cursing my genetics for my delicate features. I glanced out into the hallway, checking if father was still downstairs. I scoffed to myself. ‘It’s not like he’d check to see if you were alright anyways.’ I shook my head and snuck back to Draco’s room. I peered around the room, looking for anything to aid my disguise and my eyes fell upon a cap sitting on his chest of drawers, Grinning triumphantly, I pulled my blond hair into a low ponytail and put the hat low on my head, almost covering my eyes. I looked in the mirror once again and examined my reflection. Of course it wasn’t perfect, but it was definitely good enough for one afternoon. I was going to get out and be free, even for just one day, and nothing was going to stop me.

# Chapter Two
I swiped my sweaty palms on my pants and tipped the brim of my hat lower. I was walking down one of the halls of townhouse that the family barely used. It led to the slaves and servants quarters and I knew, if I made it through here, I was officially free for the evening. I carefully avoided eye contact and tried to strut with the confident swagger I often saw father, and recently Draco use, but I felt like an idiot, so I settled on a quick stride. I could see the door, the slave staircase that would lead to the alley next to the house, and I had almost reached it when a maid suddenly stepped out a doorway on my left. She crashed straight into me and stumbled backwards. She looked up and, for a split second, I was positive she had seen straight through the charade, until she quickly looked down and mumbled,

Maid: I’m very sorry Master Draco, I didn’t see you there.

I gaped letting out a very unmanly squeak and she almost looked up at me until I responded, trying to replicate my brother's drawl.

Claret: It’s fine darling, just be more careful in the future. Wouldn’t want me reporting you to my father. Now, get out of my sight before I bother to learn your name.

I sneered, pulling out all the stops. I knew my voice was higher, but I tried to cover it by laying the sarcasm on thick. She bowed, flushing crimson, and scurried away blissfully unaware that I was in fact Claret Malfoy and not my dear brother.

Freedom at last I thought as I slipped out through the slave entrance onto the busy streets of New York Colony. I was temporarily blinded by the sun, high in the sky on the hot August day. It took my eyes a moment to adjust after spending so long in the gloom of the indoors, but when they did they were greeted with organized chaos of New York. The streets were bustling with people of all races, genders, and classes. We were lucky enough to be able to afford a house right near the port due to father’s business with England and the East India Company and the boost the extra taxes had given our income definitely helped. Father adored England and was proud to be working with the British. He often said that, without England we would be nothing and Draco agreed enthusiastically. Maybe it was just because I rarely heard a bad word against them, but the country they described seemed almost too good to be true. I continued taking in my surroundings, it had way too long since I had gone out and never without a chaperone. I took a deep breath hoping for the salty air of the port, but, instead, was met with the stench that came from the unique combination of long summer days and garbage rotting in the street. I tried not to gag and barely resisted tucking my nose into my cravat. Trying not to breathe too deeply until I got more used to the smell, I set off along the cobblestone road joining the masses and keeping my head down. I strolled along, realizing that I actually had no plan beyond this point. Huffing,  I looked for the closest building to escape the heat and crowd that were getting a little overwhelming after so much time in relative solitude. My eyes landed on a tavern across the street. It was dark, musty, and a little dirty; somewhere my father and brother would be caught dead in. That made it the perfect place to hide for a couple hours; I definitely wouldn't be seeing any of my father's friends or the suitors he often tried to introduce me to in there. I stepped into the street, still lost in thought, and lept back as a cart thundered past. I exhaled shakily, that was close one, and the drivers didn't seem too concerned for the pedestrians safety. This time I looked left and right and found an opening and was able to jog across the street to the tavern. Wasn’t that an experience, jogging; I am so jealous of Draco right now I can barely even walk in my dresses. Finally, I managed to cross the street without any serious injuries and approached the building.

I pushed open the old wooden door and was greeted with the smell of tobacco and liquor, and the sound of laughter and chatter. The room was to see a dimly lit but clearly filled with lower classmen many of whom were way past their first drink. I raised my eyebrows, it was barely past three, but that clearly didn't stop these men. Every cup was filled with rum and it seemed like every man had had plenty. I laughed to myself, if only dad could see me now, his precious gem surrounded by drunk sailors and workers. I carefully made my way over to the bar tilting my cap lower just in case. I wasn't planning on purchasing any alcohol, there was no way I’d successfully sneak back home plastered, but I was hot from the stroll under the August sun and I could use a glass of water. I nodded to the bartender thanking the Lord for the shadowy lighting concealing my face further.

Bartender: What’ll you have Mister?

Claret: Just water will be fine.
He handed me a glass and I slipped him a couple spanish dollars. He raised his eyebrows, but accepted them regardless. Next to me, I heard snickering as two burly men whispered to each other. Suddenly one of them turned to me, and , instinctually, I tilted the rim of my hat lower. He was obviously plastered and reaked of rum and sweat. He eyed my coin bag, attached to my belt and jingling as I shifted uncomfortably under his gaze.
Drunk Man: Hey Kid, you’re not from around here are you? Now how might a young lad like yourself have that kind of money, and yet still be spending it on water? You do realize you just paid enough for an entire bottle of rum for a free drink.
	I froze, realizing my mistake. I may be used to paying for top-dollar commodities but that obviously wasn’t the social norm. I glanced down at my water, suddenly a little mistrustful of a drink that’s free in a place like this. I blushed, muttering something about tipping and turned away trying to conceal my panic. I had literally spoken to one person and I had already messed it up. I pushed past him, cutting my losses, and making my way toward the exit. I could feel his eyes following me, but I simply hunched my shoulders and quickened my stride, not daring to look back. I was almost to the door when I felt a calloused hand roughly grab my arm making me spin around instinctually and yank it back, eyes wide.
Drunk Man: Don’t you know it’s polite to answer when someones talking to you boy? Did your daddy never teach you any manners?
My eyes narrowed, I may not be on the best terms with my father, but I defend our families honor, no matter the consequences.
Claret: Like you’re one to talk; drunk at what, three in the afternoon? What would your wife say… oh wait I doubt an ugly mug like yours has ever had a girl.
His face flushed red with anger and I smirked, spinning around towards the door, feeling accomplished. I was about to make a dramatic exit worthy of Draco when he roughly grabbed my shoulder. I turned to him just as he threw the first punch, and I quickly ducked clutching, my hat to my head. He stumbled forward with the momentum of his swing and I quickly stuck out my leg causing him to trip and crash to the floor. The entire bar had gone silent as they stared at the man on the ground. I got fully to my feet, feeling very smug and was about to say something when there was a crack and a blinding pain shot through my head. I crumpled to the floor unconscious while the drunk guy’s friend stood over me, bar stool in hand.
# Chapter Three
	I came awake with a dull throbbing in the back of my head. I groaned under my breath, and cracked my eyes open, immediately shutting them again as light seemingly split my skull in half. I rolled over, careful not to jostle my injury, and drew the scratchy wool blanket around me tighter, considering just falling back asleep. Wait a minute… wool blankets? My eyes flew open, father would never use anything but silk let alone wool. I heard the door creak open and turned sharply towards it grimacing through the pain.
Stranger: Hmm, looks like sleeping beauty has finally decided to join the land of the living. You gave me quite the scare last night.
I stared at the young man who had just entered the room, speechless. I had to admit, he was handsome, all lean muscles and tan skin, but the ‘kidnapping and waking up in his room’ was kind of a turn off. His dirty blonde curly hair fell messily in front of his eyes and landed at his collarbone; it was obvious he wasn’t from high society. He was probably an artisan or worked at the port based on what I could see of him right now. His hazel eyes searched mine and he grinned as he watched me gape at him.
Claret: What.. Where.. Who?
I stuttered, my brain slowly coming back to me. He struggled to suppress a laugh at my face when I suddenly remembered the night before: the clothes, the sneaking out, the tavern, the fight, oh Lord, the sneaking out!
Claret: Oh God, my father is going to string me alive when I get home.
Stranger: Well considering a lady like you shouldn’t have been in a tavern to begin with, I’m surprised. What in God’s name were you doing waltzing in there in the first place? Don’t you know they are not allowed?
I was about to snap back when I realized he said lady. I quickly sat up, the blood rushing to my head. How the heck did he know? I looked down and, to my relief, I was still wearing my clothes from yesterday. At least he wasn’t a creep, but I still had no idea how I had ended up in his house. I looked over at the stranger, fear still playing across my face.
Stranger: Hey, don’t look at me like that. I promise I’m not going to kidnap you to be my bride, though I'm tempted. And before you ask, no I usually don’t drag unconscious idiot's home from the tavern, but hey I got a pretty girl in my bed out of this one.
I rolled my eyes at his teasing. He grinned ruefully at my annoyed expression, and I couldn’t help but notice his smile. Well if I’m stuck in a random guy's house, at least he’s charming and much easier then the eyes than 90% of the ‘suitors’ my father brings home. I sat back on the pillows, deciding that, unless this was some sort of weird hostage situation, I wasn't in danger.
Claret: I got my very own white knight huh? So dashing savior, mind telling me what gave me away? I thought my disguise was oh so clever.
He rolled his eyes but laughed along with my sarcasm.
Stranger: Not that I don’t enjoy the title “Dashing Saviour” you can just call me Cedric, Cedric Diggory. As for your disguise? If half those blokes weren’t drunk as sailors they never would have fallen for it. Shockingly, being hit over the head by a stool sometimes knocks your hat off. Don't worry, I slipped it back on when I saw your face, but you really should be more careful; you never know what those ragamuffins will do especially with a lady like yourself.
I blushed feeling foolish; I knew my disguise wasn’t great but I didn’t think it was that bad.
Claret: Well thanks I guess. If you can’t tell, I’m kind of new to the whole pretending to be a guy thing.
Cedric: Really, you don’t say? I was almost positive that it was covered in dame school. Please tell me you at least have a fake name, a real one would be great too.
Claret: Please, call me Claret, as for the fake name, I wasn't exactly planning to stick around long enough to be asked.
Cedric: And yet here we are Mr. Clarence.
He smirked, and I blinked.
Claret: Did you seriously just make me a secret identity? Please don’t tell me you're secretly a girl too.
We both laugh, and he shakes his head, eyes dancing with amusement.
Cedric: Aw you caught me. I could give you lessons if you’d like. No one’s figured me out yet.
Claret: I might take you up on that Ms. Cindy Or it is Mrs.?
Cedric: No definitely Ms.
Our eyes met for just a moment and I suddenly realized how much of a wreck I looked like. I was still wearing yesterday's clothes and they were left crumpled and spotted in blood from sleeping in them. My hair was practically a bird's nest, a far cry from its usual sleek look and I still have a lump the size of goose egg on the back of my head. I blushed and looked away suddenly feeling self-conscious. I knew I should be leaving right now. The sun was just peaking through the windows and father would be up in a few hours. I just prayed the maids had not ratted me out yet. It was just so relieving, being here, talking so freely,not held down by my status or my last name. I realized that I didn’t want to leave. I shook my head clearing it of these silly thoughts and jostling my wound in the process. My hand flew to the back of my skull and I hissed at the contact. Cedric immediately put his hand on my shoulder, grounding me, a look of concern crossing my face.
Cedric: Look at me prattling on while you're injured, I’m such a terrible host. I haven’t even asked how you're feeling. Is there anything I can get you? It was quite a nasty bump last night; I was a little worried you weren’t going to wake up.
I could tell he was trying to joke around, but I could hear the real worry in his voice. I poked the lump and grimaced.
Claret: I’ll be fine; it’s far from the worst injury I’ve gotten.
My mind flashed to how Draco and I used to wrestle in the garden everyday before it was deemed ‘unladylike. I wondered if he had noticed I was gone. ‘Probably not’ I thought self-deprecating; I couldn't even remember the last time we had a real conversation other than pleasantries and business talk at dinner. I turned to Cedric.
Claret: As much as I have loved crashing in your room taking up your time; I should probably get going before my father notices I’m gone. One problem, I hate to ask this but do you think I could borrow some clothes? I’m not sure if my father’s ready to meet “Clarence” yet.
Cedric: I’ll see what I can scrounge up. My sister just moved out with her fiance and I’m sure she left a thing or two around here.
I smiled, thanking him. ‘Bachelor pad huh?’ I thought to myself. At least I didn’t have to worry about anyone else finding out about my little secret. I could already tell Cedric wouldn’t say anything.
	He turned and headed out of the small bedroom to what I would assume was the living room. I looked around the room and noticed my jacket hanging on the back of a chair in the corner. I attempted to get to my feet to grab it, but stars erupted in my vision and I stumbled forward legs feeling like jelly. Getting up so quickly after sitting in bed with a head injury was not my brightest idea. I heard Cedric shuffling around the other room and I tried to look toward the door, but I still hadn’t regained my balance. I began to tip, desperately grasping for anything to steady me until my hand wrapped around the arm	 of a huffing Cedric who had seemingly dashed into the room when he saw me falling. I looked up and Cederic’s eyes stared right back at mine with a look of both concern and amusement. I blinked a few times to clear my vision and reacquaint myself with my surroundings.
Cedric: Looks like I get to be the knight in shining armor once again. Maybe I should apply for a permanent position.  
I looked up, startled and realized how heavily I was leaning into him. I leapt back, startled, and blushing furiously.
Claret: Oh my God, I am so sorry!
Cedric: Relax, you're not the first lady who couldn’t keep her hands off me.
He gave me a cocky grin and I rolled my eyes. God he was so ridiculous. He laughed at how obviously flustered I was and shook his head. It’s not my fault the only guy my age I see is my brother!
Cedric: Relax, I'm just teasing. C’mon, I found some of my sisters old stuff. I’m not exactly a fashion guru, so you might as well go pick out what you need for yourself.
I nodded and followed him into the living area of the house. It was small but surprisingly clean with hardwood floors and some incredible pieces of wooden furniture. Cedric caught me admiring an incredibly intricate wooden desk and he smiled.
Cedric: Do you like it? I made em’ myself at the shop.
Claret: You made these?! They’re incredible!
Cedric: Oui, you don’t need to sound so shocked. I inherited the family business after my dad kicked the bucket a few years back, but he and my uncle taught me everything they knew.
Claret: Your work is amazing! I’m sorry to hear about your father; I lost my mother years ago as well but I barely remember her.
Cedric: Aw, thank you; I’m sorry about your mum. I bet they're kicking it back together beyond those pearly gates. If anyone was predestined it was pops.”
Oh, oh, he was a Puritan. This made things a little more difficult. We had been raised as a part of the Church of England. Staying faithful to only God and the king, as my father always said. Personally, I wasn’t too biased toward either but if father or Draco ever found out I was even in the same room as a Puritan they would skin me alive. ‘Well,’ I thought to myself, ‘It’s not like they’re ever going to find out about any of this if I'm lucky.’ I simply nodded along and gave him a smile. He gestured to the clothes laid out on the table.
Cedric: Take your pick; I have no use for them anyways.
# Chapter Four
I looked over the gowns. They were worn and dull; nothing like the silk and velvet I owned, but they were obviously well-loved and meticulously cared for. I grabbed a white shift, a brown petticoat, and a dark green skirt. I could easily use the stockings and shoes I had on for the trip home. I grinned and thanked him, heading back to the bedroom to change. It was a little scratchy, but I couldn’t complain. Clothes were expensive, and his generosity had gone above and beyond anything my father would have done, and we probably made his monthly salary every two days. I stepped out of the room and Cedric feigned shock
Cedric: Evil witch, what have you done with Mr. Clarence!
We laughed and I blushed, feeling oddly shy.
Cedric: Well now I know what to look for in the town square. Couldn't miss a girl as pretty with you now that I know your name.
I blushed and looked away. It was so strange, here I was looking absolutely dreadful, all messy hair and cheap clothes, but he made me feel like I had never looked better. He smiled at me, but it almost looked different from the mischievous grins he’d been sending me earlier; it felt softer, more personal. I could feel my cheeks heating up and I quickly ducked my head, flustered. It was way too early in the morning for… whatever this was. He cleared his throat, and I looked back up.
Cedric: Not that I want you to go, but it might be a good idea to head to your house before your father wakes up.
My eyes widened, remembering how much time we had already wasted. The walk home was probably going to take ages and I had no idea where we were.
Cedric: Hey, don’t worry, my dad left me a horse. She’s old but she’s reliable. She can get us home easy. Where do you want me to drop you?
I let out a sigh of relief, having a horse changed everything. Not many people owned them, and even less owned carts, so it was incredibly lucky that he offered me a ride.
Claret:  Mr. Digory I cannot thank you enough. You are literally a life saver. I live right by the tavern so you can just drop me off around there and I can walk the last couple of blocks. I don’t know if the maids could resist gossiping about a mysterious stranger dropping me at my front door.
His eyebrows raised at the mention of maids, but he thankfully didn’t mention it. I didn’t think I could handle explaining the whole rich patriot’s daughter right now.
Cedric: Oh c’mon I thought we were way past ‘Mr.Diggory,’ please call me Cedric.
I nodded with a grin and he opened the door for me. I grabbed the bag full of Draco’s clothes and stepped outside, finally taking in my surroundings. Cedric went around the small house to untie his horse and I realized we were in the less developed part of the colony. I had never been out here, there large brick buildings had been replaced with smaller thatched roof homes. That explained the horse, it was a long walk from the market and port. Cedric returned with his steed and motioned for me to come forward. For a moment, I just stood next to it. I had never actually ridden a horse; if we ever needed to get somewhere we always took a wagon or sled which was a far cry from the saddle in front of me. Obviously, I didn’t say that because what kind of American had never didn’t know how to ride a horse, but Cedric must have seen my face. Before I could even blink, he wrapped his arms around my waist and lifted me up into the saddle. I squeaked blushing crimson and he just smirked at me.
Claret: What the heck Cedric, I was getting there.
Cedric: Sorry Miss, I couldn’t help but notice you seemed to be having a bit of a crisis and I thought this would be a little faster.
I huffed and crossed my arms sullenly, trying to hide my embarrassment and Cedric just chuckled. That didn’t last too long though as the horse shifted under me and quickly grabbed the saddle in a white knuckle grip, color draining from my face. I didn't realize how tall these things were and sitting side saddle because of my dress was not helping me keep my balance. I felt Cedric jump up next to me and, for a moment, I was worried the horse wouldn’t be able to hold us both. I squeezed my eyes shut until I heard Cedric muffling his laughter. I turned to him glaring and still holding the saddle sides like a life-line.  
Claret: Stop laughing at me, it's not my fault my family doesn’t own one of these things.
Cedric: First off I’m not laughing at you, simply observing your unique horse riding technique. For future reference of course. Secondly, this ‘thing’ has a name. This is Liberty, and she won’t drop you, I promise. Third, you might want to hold onto me if you don’t want to end up in a heap.
I rolled my eyes, privately having a small crisis over the fact I would have to hold onto a guy who had met just hours ago yet I was already harboring a huge crush on. I face palmed mentally; of course I fell head over heels for the very first guy I had met my age who didn’t even know my last name. Even worse, based on his horse's name, he was a Puritan and a Patriot. I had definitely entered my rebellious stage, father was going to eat Cedric alive if he ever met him.  
# Chapter Five
	Before I could even respond, he looped my arm around his waist, sent me a smile that left me feeling dizzy, and we set off at a brisk pace. Subconsciously, I tightened my grip on him in an attempt to stay steady on the saddle. He didn’t even look at me, keeping his eyes on the road, but I could see a light blush spread across his face. I looked around, trying to distract myself from our forced closeness, and I realized we were entering the “slum” side of New York. I laughed to myself, father would not approve of this little adventure one bit. On our right, we could hear the shouts of a slave sale going on. The slave trade was a huge part of New York’s economy, we were the largest importer of slaves in colonies. Personally, I had always been disgusted by it, watching scores of men being led past our windows in chains to be sold like livestock, but father insisted that, without them, American would fall apart. My thoughts continued to drift and I realized I had been away for over 15 hours. My head throbbed as we went over a particularly large rock in the dirt road and I hissed in pain. I had almost forgotten about it, Cedric had distracted me from the pain, but this ride definitely wasn’t doing it any favours. He looked down at me, concerned.
Cedric: Hey we’re almost to your house. How's your head doing?
I looked up realizing I had been resting my head on his shoulder as my thoughts wandered. I blushed and looked away, still holding onto his waist for balance.
Claret: It’s fine, I just can't wait to collapse in my own bed and sleep for a century.
Cedric: While your welcome back in my bed if you ever need it.
I looked up at him startled, confident my face was redder than a tomato and thoroughly scandalized. He looked at me for a moment, confused, until his eyes widened in realization. He choked on nothing, flushing even brighter than me.
Cedric: Oh my gosh, I didn’t mean it like that! I meant, I mean, if you're ever hurt, or beat up again, not that I think you're going to get beat up, but if you need anything, or whatever, argh I’m just going to shut up now.
He stuttered out, impossibly red, and buried his face in his hand. I just laughed nervously, still pink, and avoided eye contact.
Cedric: Well on that fantastic note, we’re at the tavern. But I’m serious, if you ever need anything at all, you can always turn to me. I can’t promise I’ll always be there to save you ‘damsel in distress’ style, but I’m just a short ride away.
 Cedric jumped off the horse and offered me a hand, helping me down. The sun had finally risen over the horizon and I’d guess it was around 7 in the morning. Luckily it was Sunday, so the maids had the day off and father wouldn't check on me until breakfast at 8.
Cedric: Well, this is where I leave you. Are you sure you don’t want me to walk you home? There can be a lot of creepers looking for a pretty thing like you.
Claret: I think I’ll survive, besides what would my brother say if he saw you bringing me to my door.
Cedric: Oh a brother? I’ll have to make sure to steer clear if I value my front teeth.
We both laughed, the awkward tension between us dissolving.
Claret: I’d just like to say thank you so much. I can’t even imagine what would have happened if a gentleman like yourself hadn't found me.
I shuddered at the thought, thanking God for the charming carpenter in front of me. He bowed sarcastically, grabbing my hand to place a feather light kiss on it, sending butterflies to my stomach.
Cedric: It was my pleasure m'lady. There is nothing I would rather be doing. I’ll make sure to look out for Mr. Clarence in my future tavern trips.
Claret: I think Clarence might retire to the back of my wardrobe for a few weeks. I don’t know if he can handle another night out on the town.
We both laughed, but Cedric’s sounded almost melancholy. I steeled my nerves and sent a quick prayer to whoever was listening. I knew this was a bad decision but hopefully it ended up like this one.
Claret: Cedric… do you think we could meet again some time?
He looked at me, his expression unreadable. My heart sank as i scrambled to do damage control: stupid feelings mucking up my otherwise perfect morning.
Claret: Haha, no, nevermind, probably bad idea.. I shouldn’t have asked you were just being hospitable and here I am-
Cedric: Slow down sweetheart, I’d love to see you again. I was going to ask, but I was nervous you’d laugh in my face.
He grinned self consciously and rubbed the back of his neck, leaning back against Liberty. I beamed at him, maybe this whole feeling thing wasn’t that bad.
Cedric: So will I be meeting up with Clarane or Claret?
Claret: I guess you’ll just have to wait and see.
Cedric: Well, you know where to find me.
	With that, Cedric winked at me, dug something out of his coat pocket, and placed it in my hand. He smiled, saluted me, and jumped back on his horse.
Cedric: See you around Ms.Claret
He waved over his shoulder and I watched as he rode away down the street. I smiled to myself and curiously opened my palm to see what he had given me. It was a beautifully carved rose made of a reddish wood. I flipped it over, examining its sleek petals and found the address of his shop painted on the bottom. I beamed and let out an actual giggle as I clutched my chest. With that, I slipped in my pocket and turned towards home, practically skipping. I knew it wasn't worth even a fraction of the gold and diamonds other suitors had given to me, but they felt like cheap trinkets in comparison.
# Chapter Six
I reached home around fifteen minutes to eight. And slipped in through the servant door as quietly as I could. Though the maids had Sunday off, the skeleton staff who lived in the house remained to help cook meals for our family. As soon as the door creaked open, they looked over, freezing when they saw me. I watched them look me up and down taking in the unfamiliar worn clothing, suspiciously lumpy bag, and slightly bloody snarled hair. They glanced at one another raising their eyebrows until a girl,a couple years older than me, who I hadn't seen before spoke up.
Maid: Rough night?
The entire room fell silent exchanging nervous glances. Speaking to Malfoy’s like that, or even at all, usually ended incredibly poorly for the entire staff.  It was so quiet, you could hear a pin drop until I burst out laughing. The tension drained from the room and soon they joined me tittering.
Claret: You would not believe the day I’ve had and it’s only 8 in the morning.
Maid: Well ma’am, why don’t we sneak you back to your room and get you cleaned up before your father sees you. Then you can tell me all about it. The rest of you, you heard nothing, right?
They responded with a chorus of chuckles and “yes ma’ams”. So I assumed this was the new head of staff father had hired last week. She took me through the back hallways so we wouldn't run into anybody and snuck into my bedroom. It suddenly struck me that it was practically the size of Cedric’s entire living room. I blushed at the thought, what would he think if he learned about my status. I shook my head, at least I knew he wasn’t just friends with me for my money.
She helped me slip off the well-worn shift and skirt and change into something more father’s style. The silk felt smoother but the effect was ruined by the suffocating corset. I had almost forgotten how tight and restructuring these were. The maid, whose name I learned was Ann, carefully folded the clothing and, instead of taking it away like I feared, slipped it under a loose floorboard in my bedroom. I glanced at her and she gave me a sly smile. Flushing I carefully pulled out the clothes I had stolen from Draco and, to my chagrin, she burst out laughing.
Ann: You really did have quite the night.
I rubbed the back of my neck bashfully and grinned telling her all about it and more importantly, the man who saved me. She hmm and laughed at all the right moments, but she looked at me knowingly when I began describing Cedric. As I told her all about this morning, she carefully cleared the bump on the back of my head and gently styled my hair to conceal it. When I finished my tale, she looked me up and down.
Ann: Oh sweetheart, you’ve got it bad for this Cedric character.
I blushed and tried futility to deny it clutching the rose in my hand, but I knew it was obvious. I dropped my head onto the vanity and groaned. Ann just tutted in the background, and sensing my obvious turmoil, didn’t pursue it anymore. Instead she sent a message to father that I would be missing breakfast because I wasn't feeling well and made me a bath: a luxury only the richest like my father could afford. Normal American colonists barely even bathed and, when they did, it was usually with a wet rag in a bucket. As I sat, she told me story after story about the disatorius men she'd been with and  what was really happening right now in American, not just the biased views of my family. After almost an hour, she had to go and attend to other duties leaving me sitting on my bed, alone with my thoughts and a little wooden rose. I found myself thinking back to the events of this morning and grinning to myself as I fiddled with the intricate petals. Suddenly, I was shocked out of my revere as my door flew open revealing my brother. His face was filled with equal parts worry and anger and he stormed into the room, and I got to my feet.
Claret: Oh my goodness, Draco what the heck are you doing in here?!
It was a valid question. I honestly could not remember the last time he had stepped foot in here. I wasn’t sure if it was forbidden or he was just disinterested in the occupant. Draco looked me up and down, scanning my body for any obvious injuries. When he didn’t see any, his face settled on fury. He stalked up to me, eyes wild.
Draco: Where in God’s name have you been Claret?! I have spent the entire night worried out of my mind! Do you know what it's like to check on your sister after you heard your father lay into her and find her gone! Without even leaving a note! I was considering setting out to look for you myself and I bloody would have if it wouldn't have alerted father to your ‘situation.’ Do you have an idea what he would have done to you if he had realized you had left?! You know as well as I do that he wouldn’t have held anything back.
By the end of his rant Draco had paced the entire room, sculpted hair now messy from running his hand through it so many times. He was red in the face and breathing deeply while I watched him in shocked silence. Since when did Draco… care?
Claret: Look I’m sorry Draco, I didn’t think you’d notice, honest! I meant to be back before anyone even realized I was gone. Why do you even care anyways; it’s not like you’d get in trouble.
Draco: Well excuse me for being worried about my only sister! Of course I care; why would you even say that?
Claret: Well maybe because.. um let me think, we know absolutely nothing about each other! When was the last time we even had a conversation without father around huh?! Face it Draco, our only relationship is through blood; we’re not friends, not anymore. You threw that all away when you decided that business is more important than your own sister. How do you think it makes me feel, to see you go out with Father everyday, not sparing me a second glance and leaving me trapped in an endless cycle of dresses, suitors, and tutors. I’m not a china doll and you need to stop treating me like one!
By the end of my outburst, I realised I was shouting, tears streaming down my face. It was like the damn holding back years of pain and hurt constantly hidden behind polite smiles and small talk had finally burst. Draco just stared at me, face stone-cold but eyes a pool of conflicting emotions. I angrily swiped at my eyes and turned away to collect myself.
Draco: Clare, what happened last night?
He asked me, suddenly quiet. I could tell he wanted to apologize, to make things right but the Malfoy’s greatest flaw stopped him; pride. I let out a heavy sigh, suddenly exhausted.
Claret: Draco, I don’t wanna talk about it. Just leave me alone please.
I still had my back turned to him trying to control my tears, but I could still hear the venom and disgust as he buried his feelings once again and spit out,
Draco: Claret, real Malfoy’s don’t cry. There’s a reason I don’t like to associate with the likes of you.
	With that, he turned and stormed out of the room slamming the door on the way out. I slid to the floor, sobbing now and clutching the rose to my chest as I heard him stomp down the stairs and shout to father that he was going out. Not that he would even care. I hiccuped into my skirt and wondered where it all went wrong.
# Chapter Seven: Draco’s POV
	 What in God’s name is wrong with my psycho sister. Deep down, I knew she had some valid points, but it was just so much easier to be angry sometimes. I grit my teeth remembering father’s words. He had sat me down a couple years back, I was around ten I think, and explained to me why I needed to stop spending so much time with my sister. He had told me all about how women are simply inferior to men in every way that matters. They were created by God to serve us and treating any of them, especially family, with equality, would just hurt them in the long run. It was hard to understand, Claret had always felt like a partner and my equal in everything, but if dad said it then it must be true. He had never been wrong before, and he had taught us never to question him. So, even though I hated every minute of it, I slowly distanced myself from her, but some days it felt like I had left part of my heart with her. Over the last couple of years we had barely even spoken, and deep in my bones, it just felt wrong, but it was direct orders from father and there was no way I could openly defy him. Today, I guess she had proven Father right. He had always warned me how emotionally weak they were, but today brought a whole new meaning to sensitivity. She had broken down crying when I had confronted her and I had itched to comfort her, but Father said that it would just encourage them. Besides, I should have been the emotional one, not her! Who in their right mind just disappears for twelve hours leaving absolutely no way to contact her? Truly idotic, it was a relief they couldn’t vote. I yelled to father that I was going out and slammed the door behind me, still seething. I walked down the street, shoulder checking anyone who got to close. Soon a pathway opened around me, pedestrians quickly learning their lesson. ‘Good,’ I thought to myself, huffing, ‘they should learn their place, bloody peasants.’ I didn't even know where I was heading. I looked up, scanning my surroundings, eyes falling on to a dingy tavern. Well, it was as a good a place as any and hopefully I would run into anyone I knew at a dump like that. I pushed the door open and a couple men glanced over and nudged their friends whispering. I sent an icy glare their way and they simply raised their eyebrows and focused back on eachother. So disrespectful, they’ve probably never even seen velvet before. I adjusted my brightly colored jacket and sneered dangerously at anyone who met my gaze. I strutted across the room to the bar, glowering. I settled on one of the stools, disgusted to find it flecked with blood. What heathens, I'm sure they don’t have to deal with this in England. I motioned the bartender over, he glanced at me, and then his head snapped over focussing in on my face. He almost looked like he recognized me, but I am positive I had never been here. I try to avoid dumps like this, but I just really needed something to drink.
Bartender: Would you like some water?
Draco: What? I’m in a tavern not a bloody inn, why on Earth would I order water at a bar. I’ll take rum, the best you’ve got.
He raised his eyebrows, looking puzzled for some reason, but shrugged and began making my drink, still casting glances my way. Was everyone incompetant here? Suddenly I felt a hand tap the shoulder lightly.
Cedric: Mr. Clarence, did you really miss so much? It’s only been a couple hours, not that I’m complaining.  
I spun around to face a buff young guy, strong muscles and ungroomed hair. I looked him up and down and sneered.
Draco: Do I know you?
I asked, exasperated. I just wanted some peace, but all the fools just didn’t know how to mind their own business. His eyes landed on my face and he took a step back looking confused. Suddenly a look of understanding crossed his face, and he muttered something sounding like ‘the brother’ but I couldn’t tell. He must be completely wasted already. I rolled my eyes as he continued to stare.
Cedric: No offence sir, but what is someone like you doing here.
He raised an eyebrow cockily, and I grit my teeth at the obvious sarcasm in his tone.
Draco: Someone like me? You mean successful? Honestly, I’m asking myself the same question right now. As far as I can tell, no one in here can even handle a basic conversation, let alone rub two coins together. I should probably get out of here before their incivility starts to rub off on me.
Cedric: Successful? You mean your daddy’s successful. You're just a little parasite leeching off of him aren't you. I agree, you should definitely get out of here. Snobby loyalists who dump their tea and taxes on us Americans aren’t welcome here. There would be a sign, but you taxed our paper products so heavily with the Stamp Act that we can’t even afford it.
Draco: You not being able to afford it might have more to do with your bleak future and empty head than the money you owe the British. They fought for our freedom in the French and Indian war, sacrificing their resources and soldiers. Taxes are the least we can do to repay them.
Cedric: We fought in the war right alongside the British. The war was for their benefit just as much as ours. We have repaid our debt to them.
Draco: Can you really put a price on our lives?! Do you even realize that our ‘taxes’ are nothing compared to those in England. You should consider yourself lucky; we have to pay only a sixth of what the average tax in Britain. People like you, hot headed patriots, are so ungrateful and blind to everything England and the king are doing for us and our economy.
Cedric: Doing for our economy?! They restrict and control our trade with an iron-fist. They only allow us to trade with them and our allies, robbing us of practically a fortune. We could be receiving and sending goods around the world, but are forced to settle for mediocre deals and high taxes on our imports and exports. They overcharge for English-made goods, and never allow us to get cheaper ones from anywhere else or even our own country. We need to become less dependent on them, manufacture our own goods, so that they cannot control our entire livelihood with a single Act.
Draco: Without England’s trading connection we’d just be an isolated pile of dirt in the middle of the sea! They allow us to connect with markets across the globe. Not only that, but they protect us and our goods. Whether at sea or in American, they help us defend our routes so we aren’t robbed blind. We profit from our arrangement and completely ignoring all they've done for us economically will just lead to our ruin.
Cedric: You cannot possibly defend the taxes they impose on us everyday; well I guess you can because I'm sure your business thrives off the misfortune of others. Let me guess, your father is a part of the East India Company? Maybe you can afford these taxes, but half us are left without basic necessities. We get absolutely no say on England’s decisions regarding us. If we can’t have independence, we at least deserve representation in Parliament, so they can’t just make decisions without any of our approval. Why are we letting a tiny island across the ocean control us? It makes you ask yourself, is it even worth sending representatives thousands of miles when we could make these laws and acts for ourselves?
Draco:  You Patriots, you think you're so clever; yes ‘taxation’ and ‘representation’ rhyme. Three cheers for you; those are probably the longest words in your vocabulary. You want to govern yourselves? Well who's gonna lead you if you win this so-called ‘independence.’ Will it be your trigger-happy ‘Sons of Liberty’ who caused thousands of dollars of damage to your own goods? You let your irrational dream of independence get in the way of any rational thinking you could possess and it only results in damage. Have you even read the Declaration of Independence? They have absolutely no plan listed; they simply say that they WANT freedom along with accusations against the king, they have no idea what they're going to do with it. Our country will crumble under such a weak foundation.  American will become a tyranny and you’ll be wishing for the British to save you from anarchy.
Cedric: The Declaration of Independence is just the beginning; we may have declared war, but we haven't won it yet. Right now, we need to fight for our freedom, but, until we have it in our grasp, we cannot waste our limited time and resources on the fine-print of a government that isn’t even reality yet. The war is just beginning and, if you're so worried about politics, why don't you join us. I hate to admit it, but you look like you have a good head on your shoulders. We could use someone like you to help us organize our country when we win. You're at a crossroads Sir, you can stand with you people or support the greedy motherland that will simply drain us dry.
Draco: You talk of not wanting to waste resources; what resources are you even talking about? You Patriots don’t even have the means to win; you're just wasting lives and ammunition that could be used in expanding our colonies. America has no funding, no troops, and no other REAL advantages; there is no possible way you can beat the greatest super-power on Earth.  And let’s say you patriots do win the war, who will support this country? What protection will we have from enemies? I think I'll stick with the tens of thousands of troops and military genius of a country that has been running smoothly for hundreds of years.
Cedic: You say that like the British are here to keep the peace?! Thanks to the Quartering Act, they stay in our homes, eat our food, are paid with our taxes, and, all the while, brutally abuse their power. You cannot possibly stand up for them after the Boston Massacre. They shot Christopher Seider in cold-blood! He was only 11 years old and didn’t even get a chance to fight back. They mercilessly slaughtered 5 more colonists simply because they couldn’t handle the pressure.
Draco: Of course you blame the shoulders. Seider’s was a tragedy, but it was also an accident. If you Patriot’s hadn’t mobbed an innocent loyalist store. The guard was just trying to defend that man’s property. As for the Boston Massacre, it was the colonists who were threatening and insulting the soldiers, sure he may have overreacted, but he panicked and was simply acting in self-defense. They are here to protect us, and that’s exactly what they’re doing. Only a fool would support such a corrupt cause. It’s obvious you are just an unsuccessful dead-beat trying to find a scape-goat to blame all your problems on.
Cedric: Oh yeah? Your sister was singing a very different tune this morning.
Cedric froze, relaxing what he had just said. The color drained from my face as he looked at me wide-eyed, an excuse already on his lips. All the sudden, I saw red and before I knew what I was doing, I was on top of the taller man, ramming my fist into his face,
Draco: You stay away from her, you hear me dirty peasant?! My family has worked too hard to build up a reputation in this God-forsaken colony for you to waltz in here and corrupt her.
He snarled at me, nose gushing blood.
Cedric: She’s not an object; she’s a human being, and, as far as I can tell, far your superiorI pushed him to the ground as I stood.
Draco: Stopping talking like you know anything. You mean nothing to her. You're just another insignificant suitor she’ll use to distract herself for a few days before casting you away.
Cedric: Have you ever considered that maybe you're the one who doesn’t know her.
I froze, my back turned him, and it felt as if I had been doused in a bucket of ice water. The rage shriveled up inside of me into an emotion I didn’t want to name. I turned with a steely glare.
Draco: Bring a pistol and partner. The hill is the port entrance tomorrow morning. I’ll get the doctor.
Without even waiting on a response, I stalked out of the silent tavern. My knuckles still dotted with his blood, I slammed the door, already regretting my words.

PART TWO COMING SOON…..
